CASMPET-7621: DOCS: Update CSM upgrade docs with iSCSI worker step (#6135)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/iuf/workflows/management_rollout.md

- Host firmware has been updated on management nodes

> Note: In CSM 1.6, all the worker nodes are configured as iSCSI SBPS targets. In CSM 1.7.0, selective worker node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: In CSM 1.6, all the worker nodes are configured and enabled as iSCSI SBPS targets. Starting in CSM 1.7.0, selective worker node
```

personalization is introduced where if user/admin wants to limit some worker nodes to be configured as iSCSI targets,
then it requires to create an HSM group by name `iscsi_worker` and add the worker node xnames to this group which are

> intended to be configured as iSCSI targets. For details, see [Management Node Personalization](../configuration_management/Management_Node_Personalization.md) and [worker node personalization](../iscsi_sbps/iscsi_sbps.md#1-worker-node-personalization)

Reviewer: These need to be relative links. But I'm not sure these are the right 2 links. I don't think it makes sense to link to the main Management Node Personalization page, because that doesn't talk about iSCSI at all.

I think this should be something like:
```
For administrators who do not wish to use this new feature, no action is required, and the upgrade can proceed.
For administrators who do wish to use this new feature, see <link to upgrade-specific procedure for enabling this> for the steps to be taken before proceeding with the upgrade.

> personalization is introduced where if user/admin wants to limit some worker nodes to be configured as iSCSI targets,
> then it requires to create an HSM group by name `iscsi_worker` and add the worker node xnames to this group which are
> intended to be configured as iSCSI targets. For details, see [Management Node Personalization](../configuration_management/Management_Node_Personalization.md) and [worker node personalization](../iscsi_sbps/iscsi_sbps.md#1-worker-node-personalization)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
personalization is supported. All worker nodes are still **configured** for iSCSI, but selective node personalization gives administrators control over which worker nodes are actually enabled as iSCSI SBPS targets.
The default behavior is still the same as in CSM 1.6, so if no action is taken to use this feature,
then all worker nodes will continue to be enabled as iSCSI targets.
For details, see [Management Node Personalization](../configuration_management/Management_Node_Personalization.md) and [worker node personalization](../iscsi_sbps/iscsi_sbps.md#1-worker-node-personalization)
```
